our sources of support it depends on where you're at and the situation
our first say your senior listed the chiefs master chief since she
is always there to help you get through whatever you need to all that
might be a little wall with it but I think that ninety nine and I'm
still trying to give you some some good and positive advice specially
if you're if you're genuine and honest with you know your efforts
your department is you department has always have support you they
might not have as much time as you'd like to devote to your issue but
they're always there to help and of course your excellent I have
not experience one X. O. R. C. O. that that doesn't have the time to
sit and help you with an issue of whether through you know directly
to themselves or or or through some other resource